(Notes on available files are at the end of this readme)

Version NOTES

This RIM is the first harmonized change of RIM Release 5 with one class (PublicHealthCase) and its three attributes deprecated from further use.The were approved at the November 2012 Harmonization Meetings. This release of the RIM is bound to HL7 Abstract Data Types Release 2.

Questions should be addressed to the co-chairs of the Methodology and Modeling Committee and/or sent to the M&amp;M e-mail list at mnm@lists.hl7.org

---------------------------------------------
NOTES ON FILE EXTENSIONS
Each of the files in this archive are named with a pattern like
'rim0nnn?.ext' "nnn" is the RIM version, and the extension is 
wither "zip" (archive) or "txt" (this file). (Specifics of file 
content may within these archives MAY be found on the HL7 Wiki at:
http://http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title= RIM_Maintenance_and_Tooling_Documentation 
for many, BUT NOT for all file content.

The ? in the file name indicates the contents as follows:

-a  archive
A "mif:package" file whose content is made up the complete 
CURRENT RIM, and change-elements for ALL preior RIM versions.
Any given prior RIM can be extracted from this archive

-c  composite
A composite ZIP file of ALL of the other ZIP files in this list.

-d  definitive
The CURRENT RIM and CURRENT vocbulary represented in "coremif" definition (DEFN) files as a mif:staticModel and 
mif:vocabularyModel, respectively.

-f  difference
A pair of XML files that show where the CURRENT RIM differs from the prior version.

-g  graphic
A set of files in Visio and GIF format that contain the graphic expressions for the CURRENT model.

-i  XMI
An expression of the CURRENT RIM in the OMG UML 2.2 XMI standard. Includes the RIM xmi and a collection of "profiles" upon which 
the RIM is dependent.

-n  Notes
Complete notes from the RIM harmonization meeting that reviewed 
the changes that are incorporated in the CURRENT version

-r  readme
Notes about this version of the model and the files that are 
posted here.

-t  Rational Software Architect tool
The complete model as an EMX file suitable for loading into Rational Software Architect.

-x  xml
A set of small XML files that will be used short-term to inform 
the V3 Generator of the RIM and datatypes versions to use for generation. Will be dropped sometime in 2012 when a new Generator becomes available.

